---
layout: post
title:  "Tech help"
date:   2016-08-29 12:16:36 +0000
categories: development tech help
published: true
---
Ever since the early days of me learning Excel and simple formulas there, I've been amazed and uplifted by the *free* resources online in the technology world. Want to know how to assign an incremental number to each unique instance of a column? You can find it [here](http://superuser.com/questions/801207/how-to-assign-a-unique-number-per-group-of-entries-in-a-column){:target="_blank"}. All mixed up in using GitHub pages and how to push your updates?  You can find it [here](http://johnpolacek.com/2016/01/29/keep-gh-pages-and-master-in-sync-with-one-line-of-code-2/){:target="_blank"}.

As developers quickly learn, searching for your issue online is a critical skill to have. It might take re-phrasing what you think your issue is. Or it may take adding or removing details to your issue. You first think you're having a problem with the `form_tag` in Rails, but perhaps the issue is rooted in a new Windows update that's conflicting with your VM / Ubuntu setup. (Yes, this just happened to me.)

Before embarking on a full re-install or scrapping the full setup that's been working, it might be worth searching with some alternative parameters to see if others have run in to the same issue. 

And....if you still can't find your answer, the well-documented and well-organized boards of [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/){:target="_blank"} are worth posting your question on. Be sure to be thoughtful and clear in your post. Also be sure to post any related documents or system set up information; if not, other users will first ask that!

So thank you to all of the other developers that have asked questions which helped me out of frustrating scenarios.  And I thank you in advance for all of your future help too!















